you'll go from beginner to expert in coding with Replit.
lessons are designed to be taken in order
so feel free to jump in wherever looks the most interesting to you.
ou to use specific Replit features
integrating with other tools like GitHub

Part 2 - intermediate tutorials - building fun and useful projects
you'll work through a set of projects
chatbots, games, and more
so feel free to let us know if there are any topics you want to see included
created to read and write files
create them, read from them, write to them, and import and export them in bulk.

Lesson 3: Managing dependencies with Replit
how to work with other people's code in a variety of ways


Lesson 4: Data science: plotting and graphing
Plots, charts, and graphs are the easiest way to know what's happening in the world around you

Lesson 5: Pair programming and using multiplayer
a technique used by beginners and experts alike
code collaboratively, as if you were using a Google Doc.
by pulling code from GitHub to Replit and running it with one click
Some software needs to be configured

Lesson 7: Building a game with PyGame
Do you want to develop games?
We'll build a 2D juggling game using PyGame
graphics programming at the same time: sprites, physics, and more.

Lesson 8: Can you keep a secret? What about from time travellers?
Have you been hacked?
even when coding in public spaces
so you'll learn how to navigate that too

Lesson 9: Creating a name-splitting application using test driven development

Lesson 10: Become an elite hacker with productivity hacks
using keyboard shortcuts, and all of the other productivity features that Replit offers


Lesson 11: Keeping your data in check with the Replit database
Now that you are starting to build larger and more complicated applications, 
it is time to start using databases to keep your data clean and secure.

Lesson 12: Repl audio - control (or create) your music with code
Find, download, play, and control the volume of your music, 
all in code. If that's not enough, create your own music too.

Part 2 - Build your own projects
Lesson 13: Steganography - hiding messages in images

Share secret messages with your friends by hiding them inside images with steganography, Python and Replit.

Lesson 14: 2D platform game with PyGame and Replit
Build a fun 2D platform game while learning all about Python game development.
imagination run wild!

Lesson 15: Building a Chat App with Node.js and Replit
one server will coordinate between multiple clients so you can chat old-school style (in the terminal) with your friends.


Lesson 16: Build a static site generator in Python
Build your own static site generator to build a custom blog from scratch.

Lesson 17: Build a predictive text engine
Build an autocomplete bot that can generate its own sentences.

Lesson 18: Telegram Notes Bot

Take notes on Telegram and have a bot automatically publish them to a web application.


Lesson 19: Build a Snake Game with PyGame
Revisit PyGame again to build the classic Snake game.


Lesson 20: Build Your Online Store's Checkout Process with Stripe
online store and integrate Stripe's checkout process

Lesson 21: Build a Snake Game with Kaboom.js
Kaboom.js game development.

Lesson 22: Build a Personal Stock Market dashboard











































































































 


 
